Hey, good morning family. Thank you for
joining me today. Well, there is a lot
going on, isn't
there? The whole Trump tariff
thing is really shaking some
things up, stirring some things up, and
people ask, "Brandon,"through
emails and
through wherever
they are. It's been
amazing. People are freaked out and
asking,
"Should we store food? Should we buy
water? Should we buy guns? Should we do
this?"Listen,
you should not do anything
by watching a video. What you should do
is pray and ask the Holy Spirit what you
should do for your finances and for your
life. I told you all I
hear in part and I see in part. When
the things that I see start coming up in
the news, I bring the old videos out
because I have so many trolls saying
that I'm making stuff up, and
so I'm just showing, "Hey, I do see
stuff and the Lord's showing me these
things."And
they say, "Are you a
prophet?"I
say, "No, I'm not a prophet. I'm a
watchman."I've
told you all
this. I'm called to pray. And I
believe the Lord shows me as a watchman
on the wall,
looking out on a horizon seeing what's coming
towards the camp. "Hey, this is what I
see
coming."And
so far there's a lot of accuracy.
Have
a
lot of the things I've seen not come to
pass? Yes, there's a lot of things that
I've seen that have not come to
pass yet. But the things that I've told
you so far—some of those things you've
seen in the news. So they go,
"Well, what's this mean
now?"Honestly,
I pray none of this that
I've seen comes to pass. And you can
point fingers at me, call me false all
day long, and say he's
making stuff up or whatever, but I'm
here to tell you, we have to pray for
what I've seen about China and the
trade
wars because it's about medical.
They get so irritated and
so frustrated with the escalation of
this that they start saying, "We're not
giving you medicines and
things like that."That's what I saw.
Now, is that for you to get scared
about? No. It could not happen.
If we pray and we ask the Father
to intervene in this and pray for these
trade wars to deescalate and fall apart
and that they come to an agreement, then
it's all over. Wouldn't it be? I mean,
the
ultimate goal is not for this to keep
going and going and getting out of
control and then we go, "Oh,
no."Everything
I told you—I saw
stores that were not able to get
merchandise back and forth throughout
all the Targets and all the Walmarts and
all the Costcos and the Sam's Clubs, and
that they had to take everything out of
one store and put it in another store
because they had to shut that store down
because they couldn't get the supplies.
The things I see, if you look at it in
the natural, it will scare you. It will
really freak you out. But if you keep
your eyes on Him, if you keep your eyes
vertical and you keep looking at the
Father and praying over this stuff,
knowing that we have authority, it
shouldn't freak you out. Now, I have a
lot of people all freaked out, and my
job right now is I'm
diffusing it to say, "Listen, the sky's
not falling."Yes, I saw this. Yes, what
I saw about the trade wars and the
things coming. We should pray.
That's what we're here to do. So,
can we change it through prayer? I
believe so. All things are possible to
him who believes. I believe that every
believer has the authority of the
believer inside of him. We have the
power and authority that Jesus has given
us. That as He is, so are we
in this world. And if Jesus can cause
peace to the storms, we can call peace
to the storms. We are made in the image
of God and we are joint heirs of Jesus
Christ. And I believe that we can do
those things. Some people don't believe
it, but I believe we do. So if you want
to watch me, fine. If you don't want
to agree with it, that's on
you. I know I have all kinds of
different beliefs, but I want to tell
you this. People ask, "Brandon, what
are you doing right now? Are you storing
up food? Are you doing all
this?"No,
I'm not. I am not getting in fear
and going out to the grocery store and
buying $10,000 worth of groceries and
going, "Well, I've got it all in the
garage, and I've got it out here and it's
going to get hot in the summer and
then next thing I know it's
spoiled."I'm
not doing that. The Holy Spirit
didn't tell me, "Brandon, you should
go out and buy a freezer full of meat at
Sam's
tomorrow."He
may tell you to do that; He may
not. But you have to just follow Him for
your
household. He may say to you,
"Go get water. Go get this. Go get
that."I
don't know
where you live. I don't know if you live
in a major apartment complex with
500 people around
you—I
have no idea, folks. If I lived in
Orlando or if I lived in Tampa or a
major city that I saw all those people
and it's so packed full of people, I
might have four or five days'worth of
extra food.
I live in a little bitty town
with not a lot of people and
a lot around us is farmers—a lot of farmers and a lot of
people growing
tomato plants and squash in the summer.
I can go down to the local
farmers market and stock up every
single week and get fresh vegetables
around here with
apples—not
oranges, but apples—and peaches and
pears in the fall and toward the late
summer. There's all kinds of stuff
around here. So, am I freaked out about
food? No. There's tons of food around
here; we have farmers everywhere. Now,
if I lived in Chicago, it might be a
different story. I don't know. But I
have to tell you, am I afraid? People
said, "Should I pull my money out of my
bank?"I
don't know what you should do.
All I saw was the things I
see and I relay it and I tell you what
I see. Is that for you? That's for you
to pray about. I do not want this stuff
I see to come to pass. It's like people
go, "Well, good for you, Brandon.
It came to pass."No, that means
it's a prayer fail. In my opinion, if I
see something that's drastic and I come
on here and tell you about it and it
happens, we
failed. Now, I know some of the things
we can stop and some of the
things we can't. I know we are
in the last of the last days and I
told you we're going to see major things
coming, but some of the things I believe
we can stop. And so that's
my main job: to always
pray and ask the Father to change it,
just like Abraham. He came and
He told Abraham what He was going to do
and they had a conversation about it.
And if you are a friend of God and you
are joint heirs with Him and He comes
and talks to you, He'll tell you what
He's going to do before He does
it. Just because we're
friends—you
tell your wife everything,
don't you? Usually, if you have a good
marriage, or your wife tells her husband
everything, right? So, the
Father, it's like a marriage; we
talk and we're friends. And so, that's
the way I look at it every day. I just
go, "Hey, Lord, what's going on
today?"Just
like I did with New Orleans
and the shooting or Trump's
ear, the economy crashing afterwards.
We're seeing those things. It's
happening. Do I believe we have a window
still? People ask, "Brandon, you said we had a
window. You said we had a window of four
years. Where'd that four years go,
buddy?"This
is what I want to
say back to you: it's a four-year window
of grace. I believe at the end of
that
four-year window—I don't know, because
I'm not going to assume, add to, or take
away from anything that He's saying—but
a
four-year
window to me is a four-year window
before He comes. That's what I have in
my heart: that He's getting ready to come
that quickly. He said it's one last call,
and He's leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one. He's looking for the
sinner
in
the
way-back
fields. That's
what He's after right now. How long does
it take to get all those in? I have no
idea. People are like, 'We need to get
out of here right now.'Listen, North
Korea has not been
evangelized yet. Has North Korea
been radically taught the word of
God? My
son told me there's 40-some million people
in North Korea that have never
heard—a
lot of them have never heard the
gospel. Is that fair? No, that's not
fair. There's a lot of people in China
that are still so bound because they're
underneath the Iron Curtain that they
have not heard yet, and Vietnam and all
these other places. There's a lot of
people that have not had the opportunity
to hear the gospel. I know that the Lord
is the Lord of the harvest, and His
heart is for the souls. His heart is the
harvest.
Regardless of what everybody
wants—to
go, 'Well, I'm tired. I'm ready to get
out of here'—listen, I want to occupy
until He comes. So, the four-year window
to me is an extension of grace. Will we
still see birthing pains? Yes. I'm
believing—and
I told you all I believe
when I've prayed and I've heard the
Lord—that
we will have a wealth
transfer laid up for the righteous.
If you're listening, not everybody's
going to participate in this. Oh, I
don't know. I pray I do. Honest to
goodness, you all. Am I qualified for
it? I don't know. I pray and I ask Him,
'Father, make me right before You that I
would be able to be used by You. That if
You want to give me an idea to get
wealth, then Father, to help bring forth
the gospel, to do something for Your
kingdom, to support people, to help
them, then Father, search me and
know me.'If I'm not qualified and I mess
up, Father, then if it's going to cost
me my salvation, if this is going to
cost me my marriage, if this is going to
cost me my children and we can't handle
it, then by all means, Lord, remove that
from me because I would rather
have nothing than lose my
soul to money, to mammon. But if He can
trust me and He can look at me and say,
'Brandon, okay.'And He said, 'You
may not be able to handle a billion
dollars, son, or a million dollars. I'll
give you this.'I don't know. All I know
is I seek Him. And as I seek Him, I will
find Him. The Bible says that, and all
the other stuff will be added unto me as
I seek Him. And if He sees that I can
handle it, fine. And if He says,
'Brandon, I need you to plant a big
garden this summer
in the next couple of days'—I mean, He
may tell me. I don't know. I'll go out
there and say, 'Braden, let's go outside
and get the ground till up.'I mean,
that's what we'll do. I just obey Him.
And He may say, 'Brandon,
you need to have some cash on hand. You
may need to have some
ones on hand or some fives or some tens
or twenties.'I don't know. Whatever He tells
you to do, do it. I was thinking about
when Mary pulled on Jesus and
she was putting a mandate on that
anointing on His life before it was
time. And she went to Him and she said,
'Jesus, will you help the bride and
bridegroom
make the wine? Can you
help him?'Basically, so He
said, 'It's not My time yet.'But her
putting a mandate on that anointing that
was on His life, knowing who He was,
brought it forth and He started walking
in it. It's putting a
demand on the anointing
that brings forth the giftings.
Look what happened
to that feast: Jesus
showed up and He showed off. And I
believe as we put a demand on it:
'Father, You are our provider. You're
Jehovah Jireh.'I believe that You take
care of the lilies of the field and the
birds of the air. How much more will You
take care of me as you put a demand on
it? If He took care of water and turned
it into wine, how much more
will He? We don't need a drink;
maybe all I need is some
groceries.
If Mary
could put a mandate on the anointing and
pull, and know and believe and
stretch out her voice to Him as a
mother and say, 'I know You can. Will
You? Thank you for doing
this'—and
He's like, 'Out of compassion.'If He
had compassion for them, how much more
will He have compassion for
you? Will you just trust Him and say, 'I
believe You're going to take care of me
in these end times regardless of what I
see on the stock market'? Regardless of
what I see with tariffs, if the
Lord tells you to
do—remember
what Mary turned to the servants and
said, 'Whatever He tells you to do, do
it.'It
was an act of obedience
immediately to go and bring forth as
she was pulling on it and putting a
mandate on it and saying, 'Help
us.'Then
it was obedience to what He
instructed to bring it to pass of what
they were believing
for. And here the wine came and God
showed up and showed off. But it was
obedience. So as we put a mandate on it:
'Father, You're going to take care of
us.'I
believe
it. You've got my life. I'm
not going to stress out and worry about
any of this. But if He speaks to you and
He says, 'All right, I know I'm
going to take care of you, but I want
you to go down and put the water in the
jugs,'and
you say, 'Well, I thought You
were
just going to show up and show off and
do
it'—well,
just do it. Whatever He says to
do, do it.
Even if it's a can—if He says, 'Billy
Joe, I want you to go down to the
Walmart store and buy five cans
of green
beans,'okay,
go do it. And then all of
a sudden, you go in your cupboard and
you put those green beans inside
there—those
five cans—and you open it up
the next day and there's thirty cans. He's
the God of
multiplication. He
will be the God of the fishes and the
loaves to
you. Well, I only have enough for five
cans. It
doesn't
matter. He had enough
to turn the fishes and the loaves
and multiply and feed
thousands. How much more can He do it
for
you? I refuse to get in fear over all
the end-time stuff. I refuse to let the
circumstances of staying
horizontal, looking at things going,
'Man, what are we going to
do?'and
say, 'No, I take the care out
of my prayer and I put my eyes on Jesus
regardless of how much I have
in my cupboard or my pantry or whatever
I've got in my bank account.'If I've got
$500 in there and I go, 'Man, all I've
got is $500,'God is a God of
multiplication. I told you the stories
that I have that God takes a little
bit of nothing and turns it into the
fishes and the loaves and we're able to
pay our bills for the whole month with
eBay and Poshmark.
We'll get down and we'll
go,
'Well, what are we going to
do?'Trust
God. Trust God. And that's
what we've done over and over and over
and He always comes
through. I look back at my
kids'videos
even tonight of what we
were like ten years ago
when Braden
was
little, and I wasted so much
time worrying and fretting about how I
was going to make the electric, how I
was going to pay the water bill, how I
was going to pay the gas, how I was
going to make my car payment.
I worried so much as a father that it ate
me up and drove me always
to be in that state of care and
that state of worry every single
day that it robbed me of their childhood
because I wasn't able just to sit back
and relax because I was always thinking,
'How am I going to take care of all these
kids? How am I going to take care of
this wife? I don't have an education. I
don't have all this. What are You going
to do for me, Lord?'Oh God, how are you
going to take care of me? That
was
the way it was. When
Megan was diagnosed and through all the
things we’ve had going on, I
said,
'Lord, how are you going to
do
this?'But
God has always provided. It may not have
been as much as I thought I should
have, but he always took care of us.
Even if it wasn't what I really wanted
or
I
didn't get to wear what I wanted, he
always took care of
me. It was just a simple act of
trusting. I remember the days
when
I told you I
was
excited to find shoes at
Payless
for the kids. You just have to be
thankful and walk in the thanksgiving
for
what he has provided. As you walk in
thanksgiving and give him glory for
everything he has done, he shows up and
shows off with more. I believe
that's where
we are. People
ask,
'Where are you at, Brandon?'That’s where
I’m
at. I
trust God, I stay vertical, and
whatever he says to do, do it. Just
like Mary
said,
'Whatever he says to do, do
it.'In
closing, people said,
'I thought you saw Kim Jong-un removed.
I thought you said in your last
vision you saw a bomb going off
on the border.'Yes, I did.
Kim Jong-un was trying to be
buddy-buddy
with China and
Russia. They were trying to bring
South Korea into the pact by
influencing their
government and taking Taiwan back,
making a
stronger
front for China because they're
desperate. People say, 'You said you saw Kim
Jong-un be removed. What
happened with
that?'I
believe God
is going to give an opportunity for
the North Korean people to find him,
so
they
don't
all go to hell because they never heard
the gospel. I believe God
is just and he will bring
justice to the
injustice,
and he will expose and remove
Kim Jong-un one day. He will do
the same with
his sister. Just
like he did with Pharaoh, he will lead
his people out of bondage again
and give them a time
to hear what the
Spirit of the Lord is saying.
People may not agree, but I
believe
God is a God of
mercy. We are running
out of time and coming to
the end of things. You
ask,
'What did you think about the eclipse,
Brandon?'I
believe it's more than
finances. I get caught up in
what I say; I’m not the
best
speaker. I go over these videos
many
times in my mind
beforehand
because people
are mean to me and I try
hard to say the right things.
As
I said, I try with the words.
Diana often says, 'You meant to say
this,
Brandon,'when
she's sitting next to me. She
doesn't
want to interrupt
my
flow, but I’d rather she did because
I say certain words while meaning
something else. In
my mind, it’s right,
but it comes out
differently.
That’s
when people say, 'Well, you
said this,'and I
realize I didn’t
mean it that way.
If you
truly knew me, you'd know I try really
hard.
I'll say it again, and I
hope my son helps
me. I’ve
told him, 'Please
correct me if I mess
up.'What
I saw regarding the eclipse
in April
happened a year ago.
That
Tuesday, yesterday,
was part of a window of opportunity
for
the shifting of
finances. He said, 'Pay attention to Israel and Iran
in the days ahead.'This
is the part I left out.
People say, 'You messed up on
the six-month
window.'I
was talking about the period from
November
to
April. That’s a
six-month window.
It’s
at
the end. The Lord said,
'I have been
monitoring the hearts. I
am
watching to see how they
drink and how they come unto
me.'Regarding
the river,
the Lord told me, 'I'm watching
the people who have lost themselves in me.'He said those who are not ashamed of how they drink
or
how
they minister to those on
the street corners—those who don't
worry about being
dignified or flowing
a certain
way, but
are
just lapping up
the water because they want more of Jesus.
From the election to
where we are
now, he’s looking at the heart of
America.
Have the
people
forgotten what he's already done? Have
they let go of
the rope? He said many have. There
is
a pride that
has set in again. He said, 'They have had
stiff necks towards me, Brandon.
There will be a shaking to awaken, for
America will be humbled. Through this, I
will bring a great revival back to your
shores.'How
do you get people's
attention?
Through
their pocketbooks. Money
is
America's
god, along with the lust of
the flesh. We
have to get soul-driven. I know many
of
you
watching
are after souls and
want people to come to Jesus.
I'm excited you're here because
that's what I'm after. People
ask,
'Where's the revival,
Brandon?'I
don't know
where the full manifestation
is yet, but I know it will
come out of pressure.
He's given us a
window.
I’m
believing in an 'all hands on
deck'experience
where
people take this seriously and minister
to those in
Walmart or wherever they
are.
Not being
Bible-beating,
but just loving on people
and
showing the love of God.
Let’s
take communion
and
pray together. Ask the Father
what you should do for your
household. Don’t
act
out of fear—don't just rush to buy survival
food
or
a well. Follow
the voice of the Lord. The Lord said
there will be great droughts where we
live and
that we'll
need a well. I
don’t
have a well yet; I priced one
and it’s
a lot of money. But you
believe God; that’s what you do. I don’t
freak
out. I
say,
'God, I have
a need, so I sow a seed and believe
for my harvest.'Lord,
you’ll
provide a well if you want
me to have
one.
I say, 'Lord, this
is your bill, not mine.'If you
want me to
have a well, you’ll provide the well. If you
want me to have
a
house in the woods, you'll provide
it.
I'm not going to
freak out. You can easily start asking, 'What about this
or
that?'No.
Peace. Peace. I
ain't doing all that.
I'll
go find a creek and get a
five-gallon
bucket of water and boil it if I had to.
You know what I'm saying? I mean,
seriously, I'm an old country boy. I
just go out and find an old pond. It
may be dirty looking, red water up
here in Oklahoma, but you go up there
and get it with those LifeStraws and
drink it out of there. I mean,
seriously. There's plenty of
little water patches around here. You
just go out there and find a
LifeStraw.
I don't know, and maybe do something.
I
probably should study it before I
say all that because I have no idea. I
know LifeStraw is supposed to work,
right? The commercial says it did.
When I saw it before, they could be
lying to me, though. I'd probably go there
and
say, 'You go out there and drink
it,'and
then your brain's like, 'Raise the
dead. Get up,
Dad.'No,
that'd be
terrible. These
gimmicks—there's
a lot of gimmicks
online, so you have to really be careful
with some of this stuff. But you
know, it was really cool
because
this one sister reached out to
us and showed us these Tower Gardens.
That was one of the things we're doing.
That's why I have to be real with that.
A Tower Garden grows vegetables
all year round and it keeps them fresh.
You can grow tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers,
all kinds of stuff in there. And it just
grows out of a little peat pod thing,
and the lights shine on it, and it
grows vegetables all year round.
It's a Tower Garden and it's brilliant
and it produces a lot of vegetables. So
if we got two of them,
it
produces enough for you and maybe
some extra as long as you keep it going.
So what I'm trying to say to you is that there
are
ideas, because I thought, 'Man, how do
you have all this?'Who wants to eat that
MRE
food all the time? What
about some fresh
vegetables? So, I'm always trying to
think about things. How do you cook some
of this stuff if things were really to
go that bad? Because it's nasty and it
ain't healthy. Some of this stuff's not
healthy. So, you start thinking about
all that stuff and I just go, 'Well, you
know,'so
in my mind
wondering about things, I think about
Tower Gardens. I don't know. There's a
freebie. Father, we just come before you
boldly and we put all our needs—all the
stuff that we see on CNN, Fox, and
MSNBC, and on this channel—I don't want
to freak people out. All I want to do is
call them to pray. That's all I'm doing
is saying, 'Pray. Pray.'My job is to
call people to
prayer—a
call to prayer, not a call to fear.
I'm never going to bring you to fear.
You say, 'Well, you're scaring
me.'No.
I want to call you to pray, not fear.
My job is: 'Fear tolerated is faith
contaminated.'Being
in fear is not God.
Perfect love casts out all fear. Period.
And I believe in the power of this
covenant and I believe that he'll take
care of me. So, Father, I thank you,
Lord, that you said you would. And
regardless of where we are on this
earth—there's
so many in Africa, so
many all around, and there's so many
different beliefs on here—I believe,
Father, that no matter who we are or
what we believe, as long as we believe
in Jesus, and that he died on the cross,
and he rose again on the third day, and
he's seated at the right hand of the
Father, and I confessed him to be my
Lord and Savior, and that you wrote my
name in the Lamb's Book of Life. I was
baptized in church. You'll take care of
me.
I believe that God has a hand on
me and I take this body because you say
take it often in remembrance of you,
Lord. So I believe, Father, that you've
got my life and you'll take care of us.
And we take this body right now in the
name of
Jesus. Lord, you were wounded
and you forgive us, Father. Forgive us
of our sins. You said if we confess our
sins, you are faithful and just to
forgive us of our sins and cleanse us
from all unrighteousness. And I take
this blood right now in the name of
Jesus. And I lift up the cup of the
covenant before you, Father. Forgive me,
Father, of my
sins. Wash me in your blood,
Father. I've come short so many times,
and every single time I don't run from
you, I run to you. You
know all that I need before I even need
it. And Father, I thank you for the
blood. And I apply the blood of Jesus
over my life right now in
Jesus'name.
From the top of my head to the soles of
my feet, I plead the blood of
Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you,
Father. Lord,
you're so good to
us. Thank you, Father, for all that
you've done and all that you're going to
do.
You're so good to us. And whatever you
say to do, we do it. Just like Mary
said,
'Whatever he tells you to do, do
it.'We'll
do it, Father. We will hear your
voice and a stranger's voice we will not
follow. We'll follow you, Father. And
we're not going to be led by our
emotions or by our flesh and be all
stirred up about things. We're going to
be filled by you and going to be
controlled
by you because God, we yield ourselves to
you and you're a gentleman. And Father,
we take captive
our thoughts and we bring
them
under the obedience of the word. And
Father, we plead the blood over our
minds today and we say, 'Peace, sisters,
peace. Peace. No fear.
Perfect love casteth out all
fear. We're not to be in fear. We're
called to pray.'Father, I
thank you, Lord, for this trade war that
will cease. Father, I know some of this
stuff has to take place for the end
times. But it will not touch our medical
supplies. Xi Jinping will not touch the
medical supplies. He'll have morals
concerning this or our medical
anesthesia or anything that
comes out of China that we depend on for
medical or our supplies. Father, we call
a de-escalation of this trade war in
the name of Jesus. And we
say this will not take place. We call
peace to it and that there'll be fair
trade with America and fair trade with
China. Fair trade all around the world,
Father. And that America, we're not
bullies. They will not be bullies. But
Father, we set standards that we're not
taking advantage of either. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that there's a
change of things in Jesus'name. We
call a change of things in
Jesus'name.
Father, we pray over our economy that
things will turn around. Father, that
we'll not have lines down the road for
no food. That, Father, that we'll not
have bank runs and people lining up
taking all the money out like it was
in
'It's a Wonderful Life.'Father, we'll
not have that kind of stuff. Father, I
thank you,
Lord, that people will be peaceful and
levelheaded when it comes to the markets
and all this stuff. I know, Father, that
you told me that we're stepping into the
beast
system soon and this is part of it.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that
as believers, we are
believing believers that hear you and we
know exactly what you want us
to do before we're supposed
to do it. We're going to hear you.
We're going to know ahead of time. We're
not going to be worried. We're not going
to be caught off guard, Father. We'll be
like Abraham sitting up there and going,
'Father, what's going to happen in the
future? Tell us what's coming so that
we're always in the right place at the
right time doing exactly what you want
us to do,'and we're not Lot sitting down
there in Sodom and Gomorrah going, 'I
wonder,'not
even having a clue what's
coming in 24 hours. I do not want to be
Lot. Father, help me to be like Abraham
that knows ahead of time what's
coming. Thank you, Father. And that's
what I pray. You pray that, too. Help me
to be like Abraham, to be exactly where
I need to be when I need to be
there. Father, I plead the blood of
Jesus over every single person that is
represented here, over their marriage,
over their children, over their
households, and we plead the blood of
Jesus over them in
Jesus'name.
Father, they have peace that passes all
understanding. I thank you, Lord, that
they're always in the right place at the
right
time. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
they have a covenant with you.
And Father, I thank you that you'll multiply
the fishes and the loaves in their
lives; no matter how much they have or
how much they don't have, Father,
you will provide for them.
You're the God of more than enough;
regardless of our circumstances, you are
more than enough. And you will provide
just like you do for the lilies of the
field and the birds of the air. I
believe, Father, that you will take care
of
me. I believe today, Father, that
you've got my life. And we're encouraged
today because we're lifting our heads up
vertically and we're looking at you
today and saying, "God, I know that you
know what I need. You
know everything that I need regardless
of what is."And if I sow a seed,
you'll take care of the need.
I refuse to be a hoarder; I'm a giver.
And as I give, it shall
be given unto me: good measure, pressed
down, shaken together, and running over
will men give unto my bosom. I believe
that the wealth of the sinners is laid up
for the righteous, and they may not even
know why they're doing it. I have favor
everywhere I go. I've got favor because
goodness and mercy are following me all
the days of my life. And I'm dwelling in
the house of the Lord forever, and I'll
not be moved by what I see or what I
feel. Goodness and mercy are following
me; they're chasing me down
and
running me over. And
as
goodness and mercy
follow
me,
people are looking to do something
good for me
today—even
if it's a free drink of
something. Who knows? I'm just believing
for goodness and mercy to follow me.
They say, "Hey, I want to buy you
lunch"or
"I want to buy you a
dinner."Somebody's
going to be a blessing
to me
today; they're going to open the door
for me. Who knows? That's a blessing. I
rejoice in the small things and I
rejoice in the big things. God, you've
got it, and you're going to take
care of me. Favor is following me
everywhere. I am a man of great favor; I
have great favor on my life. My wife is
favored of the Lord. My children are
favored
of the Lord above everybody else.
You have to say, "I'm God's favorite
child."Just
keep saying that: "I'm God's
favorite child."God is no
respecter
of persons, ladies and
gentlemen, but I want to say it:
I'm one of God's favorite
children. Say it. That's not arrogant; I
just believe it. God loves
me. He loves my son, he loves my
daughters, he loves
us, and he loves you. Say it: "My Father
loves me."You have to say it.
You might
say, "Well, God's mad at
me."No,
God's not mad at you. God's not
up there going, "Well, I'm
going to look at Robert or whoever it is
over there and hit him in the
head with my stick when he gets up
here."No.
Goodness and mercy
are following me all the days of my
life, and I will dwell in the house of
the Lord forever. Goodness and mercy
are
following me; goodness and
mercy are following you. And I
believe it.
I receive the favor of God on everything
I put my hands
to. God, I thank you, Lord, that you're
the great God, Jehovah, and you always
provide for
us. So, that's where we stay. And
Father, you're the restorer of everything the
cankerworm has
eaten—in
your 401ks,
the stock market, and all the things that
are going on right now. You may have
lost a lot of money in your retirement
account.
Satan, the Bible says that the
Lord is a rebuker
of
the
devourer.
Now I say, Lord, I thank you that you're
rebuking the devourer. And I call back
sevenfold everything you stole out of my
retirement
account. You're going to pay me
back in this
lifetime. In this lifetime, I call back
everything you stole and I call a
turnaround over my retirement account.
Say it: "I call a turnaround over the stock
market. I call a turnaround over my
crypto. I call a turnaround over
my land or my
housing or whatever may
have lost value."I call back
value into that. Call it in. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that you're going to
provide for me again. If God did it
once, he will do it again. Just like it
was whenever Isaac dug the wells. Isaac
dug the wells in famine.
God did it once, and he will do
it again. He dug the wells again, and the
Philistines and the bad
people filled them up
with
dirt. God did it once, and he will do it
again. God blessed me once, and he will
do it
again. He dug the wells and he
kept blessing
them.
God blessed me once, and he will
do it
again. Do you believe it? Even if the
well
of your provision seems to
have
dirt all on top of it, God
blessed
me once and he will do it
again. Regardless of if my well got all
messed up with this stock market and all
that's going on right now, God blessed me
once and he will do it again. He's going
to turn it around, and I call back sevenfold
everything the devil stole in the name
of Jesus. And you let go of my money!
Let go of it! Now, Father, I thank you,
Lord, that the wealth of the sinners
laid up for the righteous is going
to turn
around. I don't panic. I don't
get all freaking out, saying, "Oh, the sky is
falling. We're going to
zero."No,
no. I believe that you're going to
give me wisdom. I believe I hear you
like a clock tick. I hear you, Father;
you will speak to me and show me the
bottom of Tesla stock and
that
kind of stuff. I'm
going to seek you: "What is
the bottom of
it? How low can it go?"People are freaking
out about it. They tell me, "Brandon, you
should do this."I ain't moving until the
Holy Ghost tells me to do anything.
People talk about stuff all the time,
telling me things. I don't want
to hear you; I need to hear him. And if
I miss out, I miss out. But if he
doesn't
talk, I ain't doing nothing. I don't
care what it is. If he said, "Brandon,
don't tell nobody to do
this,"I'll
do it. But I'm not going
to listen to people try to tell me what
to do because the Bible says, "Take no
counsel from the ungodly."and I'm not
going to listen to somebody that is
ungodly try to give me counsel.
I only want to hear what the Holy Ghost
is saying. And if I don't hear him
right, then I'm going to pick myself up
and I'm going to try again;
and if I mess up, I'm going to try
again. You know, we're all a work in
progress, and none of us are going to
hear it perfect all the time.
Me, I don't. But I'm going to tell
you this: I try. That's why I keep
going back to him. "Father, I missed
that. I missed it."I've missed it in the
past, folks; I've missed
it. I don't know if I've missed it
recently because you haven't had time to
see, but
I've tried and I keep seeking him.
That's all you can
do; as you bump your knees on the
ground, you pick them up and you brush
them off and say, "Father, help me."Mine
is
just more public.
If I miss a beat, they're ready to
throw eggs at me. They want to
drag me through the
tar and hit me with sticks because it's so
public for me. It's very uncomfortable.
But I do it for him, and I try.
I keep looking at him and saying, "God,
if I miss it and they want to throw eggs
at me, then I'll take the
egg."All
I can tell you all is
I can honestly tell you I try, and it may
not always come out right and it may
mess up sometimes, but I love Jesus and
I appreciate the grace anytime I do.
You know
what? You all show up every time and we
pray. We lift up the name of Jesus. And
that's what I try to tell y'all. Let's
pray. We lift up the currencies and
all the things going on—the trade wars,
the scorpions, and King Charles.
Everybody said, "What did you see
about all the new
stuff?"It
was too beautiful to
talk about.
But I'll tell
you, I saw people that were all of a
sudden
translated into that new
earth from wherever they were. And all
of them were touching the grass for the
first time. And the glory of the Lord
was on those people. And they all had
robes on. Some of them had garments
across them that were red. Some of
them were blue. Some of the robes were
colorful—more
colorful than
others—with
purples, all kinds of different colors.
But everybody there had a thick robe on.
Some of them
looked
like
gowns, but they
all looked very young and everybody's
hair was perfect. Everybody's skin was
perfect. None of them looked like they
had anything wrong with them. They were
all perfect weights; no obesity. There
was nothing wrong with the people
that I saw whenever they went to
this place in that vision I had last
time. It was the most beautiful,
spectacular thing I've ever seen in my
life. Without words, I could have stayed
there for hours where I was in the
spirit. They were coming out of the
trees, but when they all showed
up, they all showed up at once. It
wasn't
like "beam me up,
Scotty,"you
know, like Star Trek,
but they were
all there at one time and everybody was
on the earth. They were feeling the
grass and they were sitting in the
atmosphere and they were looking at the
trees. Everybody was pointing things
out and birds were flying all above in
the atmosphere. There
were
literally hundreds of beautiful white
birds and all-colored birds, and there
were massive birds. The sky
was full of beautiful
colors—purples
and pinks. It didn't
look like our sky now that's completely
blue. The sky looked like it had
a different kind of
atmosphere. Everything was so gorgeous.
The water—there was no pollution.
The grass was so
thick; it looked like one of those old
shag rugs that was so thick, but it was
thicker than that. That's the only way I
can try to describe it. It was like Easter egg
basket
grass—thick
grass that you lose your feet in
whenever you run through that cool
grass that's really lush and green, not
crisp and dead. But when you run your
feet through that real grass and
you can feel it, and it feels real soft
and cold—that's the way it looked. That's
the way that grass looked. And I could
see it on their legs and their feet as
they were walking through it in that
vision. And all the trees were massive.
There were no little-bitty trees; they
all looked like massive, huge, beautiful oak
trees with beautiful limbs. And it was
the most beautiful,
peaceful vision and place I've ever
seen. I only saw a couple of animals
like horses
running around, but it wasn't
like a zoo. I didn't see animals
like at the zoo, like elephants and
stuff. But it looked like
some place that was
paradise. Just
paradise. Paradise. It came out of the
sky.
It came out of a cloud, an area that
looked like a
hurricane. That's the way the
clouds were turning above the atmosphere
as it all happened. It was swirling
like a hurricane. The way it was all
turning, it had an
eye in the middle of it, and it was pink
and purple on the outlines.
It went all the way out,
swirling
like a
hurricane. That's the way it looked
above the atmosphere, and I could see the
greens and all the
different colors of the flowers. It was
one of the most beautiful things I've
ever seen.
I've seen glimpses of heaven. I've seen
glimpses of things, and
what He has for us as His children
and the believers—what He has for us
whenever we get on the other
side—is
absolutely
breathtaking. The mountains—I told you
that day when I went to heaven, He
showed me a glimpse of heaven for my
birthday, and I saw the mountains and I
saw the valleys and the hills and it
was the most beautiful thing ever. Everything
was perfect, and Diana was doing
cartwheels and she said, "We made it! We
made it! We finally made it!"And I
remember looking over the edge of
the
horizon and thinking, "Oh my
gosh,"the
mountain tops were
as majestic as could be. It was gorgeous.
Heaven is mountains—massive mountains.
It
looks a lot like
Earth—the
green
trees and all.
Everything is so beautiful.
And the visions and the things that the
Lord has shown me—people, you don't
want to miss out on it. You don't want
to miss out on it. It is going to be
something to
see. And I know that we are getting so
close to His coming. I know I didn't
pray a whole lot today, but it was on my
heart to try to
diffuse some of the fear that I saw
in
the emails. Diana said,
"Oh, Brandon, these poor
people."I
said,
"Yep."So,
I want to let you know where
we're at, how we believe, how we pray, and
how we love you.
We're thankful for every single one of
you. My job is never to stir
fear in you; my job is to always point
you to pray. And sometimes I can filter
it maybe a little
better. So, God bless you all and we
hope this video blessed you. If you
could like it, subscribe, click the
notification bell—know that
we love you. Know that we pray for you.
We appreciate you being a part of our
YouTube community. We appreciate you
being here every single day whenever you
watch our videos and you support us by
watching those, clicking the bell,
and
saying something nice down below. We
appreciate that. Braden tells me he
appreciates
it; it blesses us a lot.
And then our China channel is really
taking off and Russia is really taking
off. Yes. So, we're excited about
Russia. We're excited about China.
And
Japan is finally getting a
little better. South Korea has
always been really strong. There are a lot
of people in South Korea that love the
Lord and watch us every day. So, we're
excited about the South Korean channel.
We're praying for you. You know, when I
saw the bomb on the border and all
that, they say, "When does that
happen?"I
don't know. All I know is we pray that
there will be no war over South Korea
and North Korea and that there will be
no major outbreak of war. We diffuse
that in the name of
Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you,
Lord, for your protection and your
provision. Oh, and I call every one of
you healed and whole and well in the
name of Jesus, from the top of your head
to the soles of your feet. We call you
well from anything that's bothering you.
We thank you, Lord, that you've touched
their bodies and we call Canada to have
a landslide victory over their
elections—that
they'll have a
supernatural victory and it will turn
around for good in Jesus'name over
Canada. And we believe that for all the
other elections that are supposed to
happen. We call peace and we say, Father,
that the righteous will rise up and go
vote. And you saw what Amy
Coney
Barrett—whatever
that lady's name is, the judge—she voted
against us again. I told you, two judges;
we must pray for the two judges. So
these are prayer assignments that you
can help me
with. Pray that, Father, they vote and
they do right, not do ungodly things. We
don't want gang members all in here
raping and doing bad things. We want
those
people to go to prison if they
want to act like that—MS-13 or
whatever. We don't want all that. We
want peace. We want people to act like
godly people, not act like
fools. So that's what we're after. Okay.
So, I don't understand these judges,
why the four women voted so stupidly. It's
like, what are you doing? But they did.
So we pray for them, and I told you I
saw a demonic spirit trying to get on
her. So all right, I've said a lot. So
I pray that the Lord blesses you
today. Well, put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much and we love you. God bless
you all and we'll see you again
tomorrow. Bye-bye.